<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Zoznam záverečných prác</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div>
            <p>Práca bude dokončená, keď Lorem Ipsum nadobudne zmysel: Brownie bonbon dragée caramels jelly pastry candy. Dessert topping ice cream biscuit tiramisu. Jelly beans topping dessert lemon drops brownie biscuit candy danish pastry. Cake toffee cheesecake. Gingerbread marzipan danish carrot cake lollipop powder soufflé halvah. Sweet dessert tiramisu cotton candy chocolate jelly-o cookie ice cream gummi bears. Cotton candy soufflé sesame snaps sweet. Chocolate pie sweet biscuit cupcake apple pie toffee jelly. Caramels muffin tiramisu chocolate cake bear claw marshmallow muffin pudding chupa chups. Ice cream halvah tiramisu topping sugar plum. Soufflé lollipop chocolate bar lemon drops carrot cake chocolate bar tootsie roll. Sesame snaps sweet muffin.</p>

<p>Tart lemon drops gummi bears lemon drops brownie. Gummies topping muffin bear claw marzipan dessert croissant lollipop cookie. Jelly-o pastry cake halvah cotton candy apple pie marzipan croissant. Brownie cake lemon drops tootsie roll lemon drops toffee powder halvah jujubes. Bonbon gummies cotton candy apple pie ice cream. Jujubes apple pie lemon drops lemon drops lollipop donut liquorice gummi bears macaroon. Carrot cake macaroon chocolate marshmallow cheesecake apple pie danish. Croissant jujubes muffin croissant candy. Bonbon toffee soufflé tart pie soufflé chocolate tiramisu cupcake. Cotton candy jelly-o marzipan pudding dessert danish tootsie roll sugar plum. Tiramisu jujubes sweet roll carrot cake pudding. Liquorice cookie cookie candy jelly-o tiramisu. Tart biscuit pie sweet liquorice pastry jujubes tiramisu liquorice. Soufflé bonbon ice cream lollipop.</p>
            <table>
                <tr><td>Projekt</td><td>Iniciály</td><td>Názov práce</td><td>Počet strán</td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS01</td><td>RK</td><td>Novinky v hardvérových technológiách</td><td>50</td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS02</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS03</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS04</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS05</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS06</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS07</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS08</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS09</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS10</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS11</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS12</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS13</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS14</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS15</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS16</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS17</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS18</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS19</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS20</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS21</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS22</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS23</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS24</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS25</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS26</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS27</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS28</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS29</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS30</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS31</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS32</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS33</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS34</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS35</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS36</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS37</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS38</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS39</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS40</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS41</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS42</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS43</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS44</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
                <tr><td>MNIS45</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
            </table>

        </div>
    </body>
</html>
